{
"Title": "Monkeyland + Jungle Buggies",
"Time": "8 Hours",
"Transportation": "Starting at $179 | Tour Guide | Combine the Adventures! ",
"Standard_rate": ["1 Person $ 179", "2 PAX $ 261", "3 PAX $ 347", "4 PAX $ 433"],
"Standard_rate_description": "",
"Booking_Summary": "Monkeyland + Jungle Buggies Adult: 1 x 433 = 433.00 Total: 433.00",
"Description": "Jungle Buggies Adventure + Monkeyland Feel the adrenaline of riding your own 4×4 Jungle Buggie and get ready to live an amazing adventure. Our buggies have a capacity of up to 4 passengers, ideal to take a day off with your family on the most fun way possible. We will make sure to bring you comfort and safety during your trip. What to Expect  Our specialized guides will teach you everything related to the safety and driving of the buggie, which are very easy to drive. Discover the landscapes and explore an incredible journey through unusual terrain, you can come with your friends and family to share these unique sensations that you will get at the wheel at 4×4 speeds.  Continue your tour with a visit to the coconut house or “Casa del Coco” to learn how coconut oil is produced and to taste fresh organic products.  The next 45 minutes are spent in a guided tour of Monkeyland where you will interact in close proximity with our beautiful and friendly squirrel monkeys. These charming and intelligent monkeys have been formed by a Canadian couple with more than 35 years of experience working with animals, including 12 years at the Toronto Zoo teaching monkeys to trust and enjoy the company of humans. Highlights Take a ride on the newest buggies in PuntaCana; Honda Pionner 700 Enjoy the waters of the amazing Anamuya river Interact in close proximity with our beautiful squirrel monkeys Visit a typical dominican home Enjoy a journey immersed in nature Whats Included?    Entrance to Monkeyland Lunch Water Transportation A/C What to bring: Comfortable clothes Swimming suit Towels Camera Extra money for souvenirs Sunscreen Age restrictions:   Children 6-12 years Adults 13-90 (Driver must be at least 18 years old) Restrictions: Pregnant customers  People suffering from heart disease  Disability or problems with mobility  Driver must have a valid license with at least 1 year of driving experience",
"start_time": ["07:00 AM", "10:25 PM"]
}
